You can now sign-in to Knox cloud services with a Samsung account for Business
instead of your personal Samsung account, allowing you to keep your personal and enterprise accounts separate.
As the super admin of a Samsung Knox account,
you can switch the sign-in method of your Knox account and the accounts of your sub-admins to Samsung account for Business.
To begin the transition,
sign in to your Knox Admin Portal and click “Get started” on the new banner to Switch your sign-in method to Samsung account for Business.
Start by signing up for a Samsung account for Business.
Fill in your account information,
then complete email and two-step verification.
Once your account has been created,
you can register your company with your company name and DUNS number.
If you don’t have a DUNS number, you can enter a valid VAT or business registration number.
Review your company information and provide a contact for verification.
After you submit your company registration for Samsung account for Business,
you can continue using Knox services with your personal Samsung account while your registration is reviewed.
Once your company registration is verified,
you can continue switching your Knox sign-in method to Samsung account for Business from your Knox Admin Portal.
To continue the transition, you must set Samsung account for Business "Account IDs" for your sub admins.
When the transition is complete, Your sub admins will use this new account ID to sign in to Samsung Knox.
By default, Samsung account for Business account IDs end with “account.samsung.com”.
If you already have verified domains on Samsung account for Business,
you can set your sub-admins’ new account IDs to use one of the verified domains from the dropdown.
Note that the same ID cannot be in use on both Samsung account for Business and a personal Samsung account at the same time.
If this happens, your sub admin’s ID validation status will be set to “Taken by Samsung account”.
If you want your sub admins to continue using the same ID as before on Samsung account for Business,
simply move forward with the “Switch sign-in method” process.
When the process is complete,
your sub-admin will receive an email notification prompting them to change the email address of their personal Samsung account.
After they make the change, they can activate the new Samsung account for Business ID you set for them.
If the Account ID validation shows “Can be created”, moving forward with the “Switch sign-in method” process sends those sub-admins an
email with instructions to activate their new Samsung account for Business ID.
Some sub-admins might also show “Mapped to existing account”,
which means that this admin already has a Samsung account for Business ID that matches the new ID you’re about to assign them.
When you move forward with the “Switch sign-in method” process,
those admins will sign in to Knox with their existing Samsung account for Business ID.
Once you’re ready, click “Switch sign-in method”. This step is irreversible, so make sure you’re ready before you proceed.
You can now select a new account ID for yourself.
If you have multiple verified domains on Samsung account for Business,
you can choose which domain to use for your new account ID.
If you select an account ID that’s already being used by your personal Samsung account
you’ll be taken to your personal Samsung account to change your email ID
so you can use that ID for Samsung account for Business instead.
You've successfully switched your sign-in method to Samsung account for Business!
From now on, you can sign in to your Knox account with your new account ID.
You can go to the admin list to see whether your sub-admins have successfully transitioned their sign-in to Samsung account for Business
Your organization might be maintaining multiple Samsung Knox accounts,
each managed by a super admin in separate locations
Let's call them Alice and Bob!
In Samsung account for Business your company registration represents your whole organization,
tied to your company’s DUNS number.
When Alice signs up for Samsung account for Business and registers your company's DUNS number,
she becomes an admin on your organization’s Samsung account for Business.
When Bob tries to perform company registration with your company’s DUNS number,
he will find that it's already in use from Alice's registration.
Here, Bob can request Alice to add him to your organization’s Samsung account for Business as an admin or location manager.
Once he's added, he'll receive an email to activate his Samsung account for Business account ID.
Bob can now sign in to his Knox Admin Portal to switch the sign-in method of his Knox account!
In step 1 of the process,
he should sign in to Samsung account for Business with his new account ID,
then proceed with the rest of the process to complete the transition.
When Bob completes the transition
his Knox account is listed as a Service Location on the Samsung account for Business console.
To learn more about Knox cloud services, please see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com
Thanks for watching!